The Media Center 2004 version of Microsoft® Windows® XP software offers you a portal to a world of digital entertainment so you can manage, organize and enjoy all your media from a single device-your PC. Gateway® Media Center 2004 PCs and integrated solutions offer an array of exciting new features that provide access to a wealth of third-party media services via the Internet¹, as well as functionalities that give you more control over your entertainment.

NEW to the Media Center 2004 is access to the vast and appealing world of third party entertainment via your remote control, including pre-installed Napster² with one month of free service. This new feature links you directly to movies, music, gaming and more through entertainment service providers such as Music On Demand (MOD), Video On Demand (VOD) and online games.¹

Integrated support of wide-screen monitors and TVs with a 16:9 format, as well as the standard 4:3 format is also a NEW feature. In addition, the Gateway® Media Center PCs are designed for enhanced performance with a choice of cutting-edge displays, including Gateway's 15" and 17" LCD displays and the 42" Plasma TV-deemed "America's Best-Selling Plasma TV.³

The NEW full-featured FM Tuner lets you access your favorite FM stations and program them into the pre-set buttons. Other features include control buttons that allow you to seek, scan, pause, rewind and fast-forward through FM broadcasts.

And, for those who crave more creative liberty over their photos, a NEW remote control feature allows you to transform, manipulate and enhance your photos. Functionalities include red-eye, touch-up, rotate, print and more!

PCs equipped with Window® Media Center are ideal for anyone who wants to save space by combining a PC with the versatility of several home electronics into one system, one room and one remote.

This new software is available only on the Gateway® Media Center PC.

 
1 - Some features require Internet access for full functionality. Most 3rd party services charge a monthly fee.

2 - No credit card required to activate 30-day promotional offer. THE trial offer includes unlimited streaming and downloading and begins from the date of sign up. A Credit card IS required to continue service beyond the 30-day trial period or to purchase any tracks or albums during the trial.

3 - Gateway had the best selling home plasma display model for the period 11/02-2/03. Source: The NPD Group and Gateway. 
